The requirements are as follows:

1. Every person should have a unique name.
2. Every book should have a unique ISBN.
3. Every book series should have a unique ID.
4. Each issue of a book series is identified uniquely by its number.
5. Every journal should have a unique ISSN.
6. Every journal should have a unique title.
7. Each volume of a journal is identified uniquely by its volume number.
8. Each issue of a journal volume is identified uniquely by its number.
9. Each section of a journal is identified uniquely by its title.
10. Every conference series should have a unique name.
11. Every conference edition should have a unique title.
12. For book chapters, the initial page should be lesser or equal to the end page.
13. For journal papers, the initial page should be lesser or equal to the end page.
14. For journal issues, every paper should start on a different page.
15. For edited books, every chapter should start on a different page.
16. For book series issues, every chapter should start on a different page.
17. All journal volumes within a journal should be consecutively numbered.
18. If a book was presented at a conference, it should be published not earlier than the conference year.
19. An edited book should not contain repetitions of the same section title.
20. A book series issue should not have repetitions of the same section title.
21. A journal section should not have repetitions of the same paper title.
22. A book section should not have repetitions of the same chapter title.
23. Every conference edition must end up being published in at least one of the following: an edited book, a book series issue, or a journal issue.
24. Calculation of a person's total number of publications.
25. Calculation of the total number of pages in a journal issue.
26. The publication year of edited books, authored books, book chapters, and journal papers.
27. The edition of edited books, authored books, book chapters, and journal papers.
28. The publications associated with a specific author.
29. The journal sections associated with a specific journal issue.
30. The book sections associated with a specific edited book or book series issue.